Story Recapped here.
Today, I'm going to explain a horror film
called "Anything for Jackson."
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
One morning, married couple Henry and Audrey
begin their day as usual in the kitchen.
They're alerted by a sound outside and head
out to meet their guest eagerly.
Moments later, the old couple drags a pregnant
woman inside.
Despite her cries and kicks, the woman is
forced into the house's lift with the strange
couple as her captors.
The pregnant woman, Shannon, wakes up to a
young boy caressing her face.
He greets her "Aloha," unfazed by the bound
and gagged woman in his room.
Sitting next to the bed is Audrey, who calls
to her husband before nervously reading a
prepared script to inform her of their plans.
After apologizing for kidnapping her, she
assures Shannon that they will not hurt her
or her unborn child but insists that there's
no hope for her to bargain or plead her way
out of the situation.
As part of their preparations, Henry walks
out of the house and waits as Audrey removes
the gag on Shannon's mouth.
Shannon screams to the top of her lungs, but
outside, Henry doesn't hear anything.
Their sound-proofing works.
Audrey calmly explains that they intend to
bring their grandson, Jackson, back.
Since Shannon can see the boy in the room,
Audrey hopes it's a good sign, meaning that
Jackson knows they're about to save him.
When Jackson turns his head away, a large
wound on his head terrifies Shannon.
Jackson died in an accident, and she sees
his ghost.
Confused and horrified, Shannon yells for
help again after Audrey leaves, but her screams
reach no one's ears.
Audrey heads downstairs to inform Henry that
Shannon can see Jackson's spirit.
It gives the grandparents full of hope.
But they need to keep up appearances and continue
with their lives normally to avoid raising
suspicions.
Heading to his car, Henry finds their neighbor,
Rory, who offers to shovel the snow on their
front lawn.
Henry refuses, excusing that his wife is sick
and shouldn't be disturbed.
But this is only to keep Rory away from their
house, just in case.
Back in the room, Shannon tries to pry herself
off the cuffs when Audrey returns with some
water and vitamins.
Understandably, Shannon refuses to take them.
Audrey checks Shannon's coat pocket, taking
her phone and a bottle of her own medicine.
Shannon attempts to call on her cellphone,
but Audrey pries it off her hands.
Seeing the nanny cam over the bed, she realizes
that it was just a ruse to get Shannon's pin
code to unlock her phone.
Using Shannon's phone, Audrey signs in to
a dating app and posts on her social media
to avoid her friends and family from looking
for her.
At the clinic, Henry's secretary, Talia, insists
that Shannon, who is his patient, rescheduled
her appointment with him that day.
On the spot, he lies that he met Shannon that
morning, and she told him that she wouldn't
make her appointment today.
Weeks before, Audrey tests her theory on a
resurrection spell with Henry as her witness.
Finding a dead crow in the snow, she drops
her blood on its body and reads from an ancient
book.
Upon finishing the spell, the crow wakes up
and caws.
Audrey reveals that she's been bringing dead
animals back to life, giving them a way to
get their grandson back.
In the present day, Audrey and Henry meet
up at the community center as part of their
weekly routine.
They meet a young man named Ian, whom Henry
asked to find a book before.
Audrey is displeased that Henry mentioned
the book to Ian, whom she thinks may tattle
on them if things go south.
Audrey, Henry, and Ian join a group cloaked
in black.
The group's leader, Yolanda, regards Ian with
distaste.
Together, they light black candles and pray
to the devil.
Months before, when Shannon first learns of
her pregnancy from Henry, the news frightens
her.
The child was conceived in a one-night fling
with a stranger, and she isn't open to getting
rid of it.
But she isn't ready to raise a child either,
fearing that her mother will call her a failure.
Henry encourages her to take the next step
in her life, but in reality, he's set his
eyes on her as their target.
He takes her photo, which now is framed in
the bedroom where Shannon is cuffed.
Shannon sleeps quietly in the dim, candlelit
room until she coughs up blood.
At the foot of the bed, a sigil is drawn on
the floor.
At the center of the sigil are a heart and
one of Jackson's toys beside it.
Henry calms Shannon down as Audrey draws an
upside-down cross on Shannon's forehead.
The couple prays and drips their blood on
the heart.
The light flickers, and Shannon abruptly stops,
arching her back as she struggles to breathe.
Audrey prays, and the room becomes alive;
the heart on the sigil begins to steam.
At the corner of the room, they see Jackson's
spirit pointing at something.
But the couple doesn't notice this, as they're
excited to see their grandson.
One of the boards from the window flies open,
and Jackson disappears.
Henry goes to pick it up then sees something
behind Audrey.
Audrey turns and finds a tall demonic creature
standing behind her.
She screams, backing away in fear.
The creature hovers over Shannon, who continues
to convulse in bed.
Her framed picture now bears a mark on the
forehead.
The creatures disappear, and Shannon falls
unconscious.
Henry checks on the baby's heartbeat, unconcerned
about the mother.
Audrey is convinced that Jackson has successfully
possessed the unborn child.
On the following day, Henry wakes up alone
in bed, dazed by last night's events.
He finds his wife in the bathroom, brushing
her teeth.
His phone rings, and it's Audrey on the other
line.
Confused, he looks to the woman in the bathroom,
who slowly faces him, teeth falling on the
floor.
Henry screams as the woman with a bloodied
mouth stares at him expectantly.
He covers his face when the woman nears him.
Audrey finds him, shaking in fear, and the
bloodied woman has disappeared.
That evening, Henry meets Detective Bellows
in his clinic, who's investigating Shannon's
disappearance.
Henry tells the detective that Shannon canceled
her appointment on the day she went missing,
and Talia adds that Henry claimed to have
talked to Shannon that day.
Without time to think much further, Henry
tells Detective Bellows that Shannon passed
by his house that day.
Henry calls Audrey to tell her what happened.
Audrey panics as the notion of Shannon walking
by their house that day was not part of their
plan.
Audrey drops the call when someone knocks
on the door.
Expecting that it's the detective, she finds
a girl in a ghost costume instead, asking,
"trick or treat."
Audrey is offended and shuts the door, only
for someone to knock on the back door.
Slowly, she heads to open it and finds the
same child.
After closing the door, the girl appears in
the bathroom, and Audrey rushes upstairs to
call for help.
She watches the girl run around the house
while waiting for Henry to answer his phone.
Henry finally picks up, and Audrey tells him
that "she's" trying to get her.
In an ominous tone, Henry suggests that Audrey
offers her soul.
He repeats "trick or treat" on the phone,
clearly not her real husband.
Audrey calls the lift, only to find a tall
figure wearing a ghost costume come out and
chase her.
Audrey collapses on the steps, frightened
as the figure approaches.
But instead, the costume falls on her.
She clutches to the fabric, weeping in fear.
Later that evening, Audrey explains to Shannon
that her daughter came by to see her.
Her daughter used to dress up as a ghost for
Halloween every year, despite Audrey offering
other costumes.
When asked where her daughter is now, Audrey
changes the topic and leaves to bake cookies
for Jackson.
While alone, Shannon rocks the bed back and
forth until the teddy bear with the nanny
cam drops from the shelf above.
She tries to pry her hand off the cuff but
stops when she hears the floor creak.
Seeing no one, she uses her teeth to undo
the belt binding the cuff to the bed.
She tries the other side and yelps when a
man with a plastic bag over his head appears.
The man crawls to the other side of the room,
then scrambles back towards her.
Shannon screams for help, but Audrey cannot
open the door.
The man bites Shannon's pregnant stomach just
as Audrey finally opens the door.
Seeing her, the man marches towards Audrey.
When Henry finds them, the man disappears.
After stitching up Shannon's wound, Henry
joins his wife in bed.
Audrey, who's been confident up until this
point, is now worried that they made a mistake.
Weeks ago, Henry met Shannon in front of his
house as she power walks as part of her exercise.
Despite her fears upon learning of the pregnancy,
Shannon was finally excited to raise the child.
At present, the couple finds crows gathering
around their house, wondering if it's because
of their spell.
Henry hurries back inside upon seeing Rory's
van pulling up their driveway.
Audrey heads to Shannon to sedate her while
Henry deals with the persistent neighbor.
Taking Rory outside, Henry learns that Rory's
life is falling apart, which is why he insists
on clearing their driveway to keep himself
busy.
Feeling guilty about unloading on the doctor,
Rory offers to do it for free.
While the couple argues inside, Rory plows
the snow outside.
With everything they planned falling apart,
Audrey doubts that Jackson succeeded in possessing
the baby.
Henry encourages her, promising her that once
they have Jackson back, he'll burn down the
house along with the ghosts in it.
Rory calls to the couple, smiling as he tells
them that they did it right and that Jackson
is inside.
Possessed, Rory drives his head into the snowplow,
spraying blood on the driveway.
That evening, Audrey tends to Shannon despite
the woman's refusal.
Seeing the wounds around her wrist, Audrey
removes the cuffs, much to Shannon's surprise.
Audrey covers the cuffs in knitted fabric
to make them more comfortable before placing
them back on.
Shannon asks her if they'll kill her once
they have the baby back.
Audrey promises that they will not hurt her.
As Audrey talks about her daughter again,
the door opens, and a man peeks inside, unnoticed
by the two women.
When Shannon asks if they tried to bring their
daughter back, Audrey answers that she cannot.
Audrey's daughter was also in the accident
that killed Jackson.
She survived but was left paralyzed.
The couple tried their best to help their
daughter, but it was beyond their control.
Their daughter ended her life, unable to cope
with the death of her son.
Looking to the positive side, Audrey believes
that her daughter would be happy that at least
they're bringing Jackson back.
The next day, Henry buries Rory's body in
the snow, struggling due to his weakened condition.
Detective Bellows calls him, insisting on
meeting in his house to discuss Shannon's
disappearance.
Backed to a corner, Henry screams into the
wilderness in frustration.
Back at the house, Shannon offers to be Jackson's
mother once he's born.
Audrey thinks it's a trick, but Shannon insists
that she understands how a mother would do
anything for their child.
She points out that they need help caring
for the child, as Audrey and Henry are old.
Audrey considers this, but her thoughts are
interrupted by a knock on the front door.
She heads out of the room, confused that the
bedroom door is ajar, before locking Shannon
inside.
The door opens again after she leaves.
Outside, Henry hurries back into the house
and sees that the detective's car is already
parked inside.
He rushes to the bedroom, finding Bellows
already there, with Audrey cuffed and on the
floor.
While Bellows has Henry at gunpoint, Shannon
begs for her to free her.
The detective tries to calm her down before
pointing the gun under her chin and pulling
the trigger.
Shannon cries, watching her hope perish.
With the detective gone, Henry frees his wife
and asks if Bellows called for backup.
Assuring him that she didn't, they drag the
woman's body out of the room.
After getting rid of the body, Henry becomes
agitated at the turn of events.
Audrey raises her conversation with Shannon,
but someone knocks on the door.
It's Ian who asks if they have the book.
The couple shows Ian the spellbook, recounting
how Henry got it from a man in Jerusalem who
was eager to give it to him at the cost of
their entire retirement fund.
Ian tries to translate it, hoping to confirm
if the spell they did is correct.
Ian reads the page where they got the spell,
asking them the specific details of their
summoning.
He tells them that when they summoned the
demon to bring their grandson back, they also
opened the door allowing all souls from Purgatory
to enter and find a host.
They introduce Ian to Shannon, the host that
they used for the summoning.
Ian looks around the bedroom, searching every
corner for signs.
He reveals that they did the right spell,
but it's only half the ceremony, and they
need to finish it by trading a life.
Ian offers to help but in exchange for the
book and ten thousand dollars.
In the meantime, he advises them to use salt
to prevent the ghosts from approaching them.
That evening, Henry stays in the bedroom to
guard Shannon, having laid down a salt line
before the door as a precaution.
Shannon asks how many lives are needed to
sacrifice to bring their son back.
But Henry doesn't falter, having already sold
his soul.
Henry confesses that Audrey was driving the
day of the accident and hadn't recovered from
it.
Loving his wife deeply, he is willing to go
down in flames with her if he cannot help
her recover.
Bellows' ghost approaches Henry and pulls
the trigger on herself again, shocking him
and waking up Audrey.
Shannon is unfazed, hoping that the couple
will be haunted for the rest of their lives.
Ian prepares for the ritual at his mother's
basement but gets angered when his mother
calls him.
Tired of her yelling, Ian packs up.
On the next day, Ian returns to the Walsh's
house, but nobody answers the door.
He heads up the bedroom with Bellow's ghost
following him behind.
The spirit shoots herself again, but the couple
isn't surprised anymore, as the ghost has
been repeating this all night.
Ian adds blood to the salt line they laid
down, saying that it would stop the ghosts.
This is proven effective, as Bellows walks
by again, but she doesn't enter the room for
the first time and instead walks away.
Ian shows Audrey the book's page to copy the
sigil and takes Henry outside to set up the
house.
Ian warns Henry not to hesitate when it's
time to end Shannon, warning him not to doubt
the demon.
In the bedroom, Audrey draws the sigil in
blood and lies to Shannon that they intend
to keep her as the baby's mother.
Shannon, however, is not convinced.
She asks Audrey for some food, and as soon
as she's gone, Shannon gnaws herself free.
She frees one hand and spills water on herself
before breaking the glass.
When Audrey comes back, Shannon tells her
that her water broke, causing the woman to
panic.
Outside, Ian rants about the disrespect he
gets in their church, which Henry agrees to
appease him.
Henry receives a message from Yolanda just
before they're called back to the bedroom
by Audrey.
Back in the bedroom, Shannon pretends to be
in labor, making everyone on edge.
Ian accidentally breaks the salt line before
starting the spell.
Henry receives a message from Yolanda again,
but given the events, he ignores her.
Ian continues the spell, causing the floor
to creak.
Henry finally answers Yolanda's call, who's
hysterically telling him that Ian killed his
mother last night and drew symbols on the
wall of his house.
With this information, Henry grows suspicious
of Ian.
He quietly warns Audrey while Ian carves on
his feet.
With his blood, Ian leaves a trail of upside-down
crosses before continuing the spell.
Shannon slips out of her broken cuffs with
everyone distracted and takes the shard of
glass she hid under the pillow.
Shannon grabs Audrey and holds the glass to
her neck, ordering Henry to free her.
Audrey and Ian tell him not to free Shannon,
but seeing his wife in danger, Henry starts
undoing Shannon's bindings.
Angered, Ian takes the keys from Henry's hands
and tosses them away.
Shannon grabs the keys, but Ian pries them
off her hands.
Knowing that things aren't going according
to plan, Audrey begs Ian to help them return
their grandson, but he stabs her in the stomach,
using her as the sacrifice instead of Shannon.
Henry cradles Audrey in his arms as she passes
out from blood loss.
Ian sprinkles them with his blood, revealing
that his true intention is to give the demon
a home.
With his wife in his arms, Henry whispers
to her, unable to accept her fate.
Audrey mumbles, trying to hold onto life while
Shannon continues to free herself from the
bed.
Finally, Audrey succumbs to her wound, and
Henry whispers, "I love you" to her.
The sigil on the floor burns, and Ian is excited
to meet the demon.
But Shannon, having freed both hands from
the bed, stabs him on the leg, distracting
him.
A ghost with no eyes grabs Ian and kisses
him before taking him away.
Shannon stretches her arms out desperately
to reach for the keys to free her other leg.
The ghost with a bag on his face comes out
from under the bed again, hovering over the
pregnant woman.
She hears her chains clatter on the floor,
finally free from the bed after Henry helps
her.
Upon losing his wife, Henry chooses to free
Shannon and finish the nightmare he started.
Shannon tries to get him to run with her,
but Henry vomits blood and backs away.
Terrified, Shannon leaves the room as a creature
comes out of Henry's body.
Shaking in fear, Shannon heads down the stairs,
chased by the ghost that took Ian away.
In the bathroom, she sees the child with the
Halloween costume and the woman with falling
teeth.
She tries to head out from the backdoor but
is blocked by the tall ghost.
Upstairs, the room is soaked in blood.
The old couple lies on the floor while a horned,
pregnant woman walks around.
In the kitchen, Shannon finds Bellows' ghost
and car keys on the breakfast table.
She reaches out to grab it, but the detective's
ghost wakes up, telling her that she can help
before shooting herself again.
Making her way outside, Shannon sees Rory's
body using the snowplow.
She ignores him and heads for the car.
Looking back to the house, she spots Jackson's
ghost in the bedroom window.
Finally free, Shannon drives down the road,
heaving.
After a few minutes of driving, her eyes widen,
and she stops the car.
Down the road, she sees the horned, pregnant
woman blocking her way.
The creature slowly turns away as if letting
her leave.
But Shannon feels something in her belly.
Looking down on her pregnant body, she wonders
about the child she's carrying.